hello welcome back to paradise
the flavors today I want to teach them to
prepare barça is a very popular fan in
Morocco that is served at breakfast
together with honey butter or cheese for
anoint to be attentive to the video to ask
preparation molds that
necessary ingredients we started
in a large bowl we add 400 grams of
fine grits
a spoon of sugar
half a teaspoon of salt
and a teaspoon of chemical yeast
we mix well
we add 100 grams of butter
melted and mixed well until
get to a sandy texture
so it has to be
we now add 200 milliliters of milk
tempered
we incorporate well the milk with the semolina
we knead a little with our hands
we make a ball
we cover the bowl with plastic wrap and leave
rest 10 minutes
after 10 minutes we put on the
work table semolina and we take the dough
and we passed it as you see in the video
We spread the soft dough with the palms
of the hands
and the thickness we leave it approximately
one centimeter
on a tray we put a little bit of
semolina
and now with the help of a cup we are going to
cut the dough the size you can make
to your liking bigger or smaller
once we have them in the tray
we put a little semolina on top and
the mass that we have left we worked
again
in a pan we put semolina
and we place the very important area on
body must be under what
otherwise they will be made outside and the
interior will stay raw
we put a little semolina on top
and let about 45 minutes
approximately on one side and others
so much on the other hand depending also
of the thickness of your sauce
when they are of this color we can
turn around
And it's ready
we store them and clean the pan with
a paper and we follow the same steps
until finished
I hope you like today's recipe and
that you put it into practice thanks for
be there and see you next time